hi,

Before hiring I need to see ur skill so I want to check ur skill & grammar through sample writing 500 words , 

Topic I will share u .
Need a crispy title, 
point wise content

can u do ? If yes I will share the topic. If this goes fine then I will hire u 

Note : this sample is not free, it will paid once i hire u .



hi,

Before hiring I need to see ur skill so I want to check ur skill & design sense through sample post creation  in Photoshop or illustration   , 

Topic I will share u .
Need a crispy catchy design, 
I need to see the PSD design structure 

can u do ? If yes I will share the topic. If this goes fine then I will hire u 

Note : this sample is not free, it will paid once i hire u .





Here is the topic:  Seo

word : 500
Title : Yes (most attractive , catchy , crispy )
Content : Point wise benefits ,





Here is the topic: mail campaign


Medium: PSD, Ai
Create it like Social Media Post.
Note : I will check the PSD or Ai what u have done, I need to check the inner structure.



Thanks, for send request here.
Yes I need a experienced Social media creator who can make good SMO post for fb, insta.

Please, share ur some previous work for the same skill.

 I have ample number of design work , specially Social media post , mail template ,  banner so on . so r u interested ?

comfortable ?

here I m attaching a form please, fill this , its very requried as I need to know all ur details before hiring .



Thanks, for send request here.
Yes I need a experienced technical content writer creator who can make good content.

Please, share ur some previous work for the same skill.

here I m attaching a form please, fill this , its very required as I need to know all ur details before hiring .



can u please, introduce ur skill regarding  under which project u send proposal? 




Please, follow the last line unless see ur proper skill i will hire u . 


please, ping me here , usually my time is ur night , so it hard to communicate with u , no worries state ur message here , will describe details

	
Yes , good to go  now , please,  ping me over +91 8017941462 with introduce ur area & skill , i will communicate & share topic  
